Link to finished codepen https://codepen.io/deepak-007/pen/YzVjMPp?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Easily explains to the programmer what the commands are used for.  
    2. What is HTML used for? Provides structure for websites
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Special words used inside opening tags to control element bahaviour.  
    It modifies the default functionality of an element type or provides functionality.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    This is a highest header tag used to denote the title of the website.  Should only be used once. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <a> tag and <font> tags require attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <header></header> tags with information related to the title and heading
    7. What is an id? 
    An id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? All elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only once.
    10. What is a class? 
    An attribute used to specify a class for an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Multiple times.  No limit.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Set target ="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Specifies the alternate text for the image.  Helpful for blind people.
    15. How do I reference an id? # followed by an id name.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The <sec> tag creates independent sections in a webpage having same content.  <div> tag is an empty container specifying a division or a section.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Not programming languages but provides the layout and presentation of a webpage.  
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page 
    In CSS...H2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.
    Class is used to point to a class name in a style sheet.  This allows 
    multiple elements with the same class name to be styled the same way.  An id is unique in the webpage and can only apply at most to one element.  
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? First you have to define the Class in HTML.  Then youu call the .className{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Child Selector is used to match all the elements which are child of a specified element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? ("div > .sidebar") 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element i.e. hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? In CSS line-height.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? word-specing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase / lowercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? Not sure about this but I think *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?  ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
     rm <file> - because you can't undo the delete. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It keeps track of the version of software you are working on but it also allows you to go back to another version.
    35. How often should I commit to github? whenever you finish a step.  
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u master
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1.  Fork the code, clone the repo use cd command to go to the directory where clone the forked Repo, use "git clone <link>, cd into the newly created repo using cd <repo name>, git checkout -b "firstname-lastname" command to create your own branch name for this repo, work on your repo in Visual Basic by typing in code ., to add and commit changes onyour branch, go to terminal and type in git add . to add the repo changes, type git commit -m "Comment on what has been changed" will commit the changes, push changes ack to Github by typing in git push -u origin "Firstname-Lastname",submit a Pull Request by going to forked Project repo on github, click on the Branch:master button and select your name-branch, click on New Pull request button.  Click Pull Request but only after you've selected your own repo.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 